docs: add CF tls termination (#4012)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/content-delivery.en.md

## What is ingress restriction?

> You can restrict incoming traffic to come from a certain source. For CloudFront, Copilot uses an [AWS managed prefix list](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/working-with-aws-managed-prefix-lists.html) to restrict allowed traffic to a set of CIDR IP addresses associated with CloudFront edge locations. When you specify `restrict_to.cdn: true`, your Public Load Balancer is no longer fully publicly accessible, and can only be accessed through the CloudFront distribution, guarding against security threats to your services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can restrict incoming traffic to come from a certain source. For CloudFront, Copilot uses an [AWS managed prefix list](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/working-with-aws-managed-prefix-lists.html) to restrict allowed traffic to a set of CIDR IP addresses associated with CloudFront edge locations. When you specify `restrict_to.cdn: true`, your Public Load Balancer is no longer publicly accessible, and can only be accessed through the CloudFront distribution, guarding against security threats to your services.
```

## How do I use CloudFront to terminate TLS?

!!! attention

>     1. First, disable [HTTP to HTTPS redirection](../manifest/lb-web-service/#http-redirect-to-https) for your Load Balanced Web Services.

Reviewer 2: nit (not necessary bc numbering, and more consistent with 2 and 3):
```suggestion
    1. Disable [HTTP to HTTPS redirection](../manifest/lb-web-service/#http-redirect-to-https) for your Load Balanced Web Services.
```

## What is ingress restriction?

You can restrict incoming traffic to come from a certain source. For CloudFront, Copilot uses an [AWS managed prefix list](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/working-with-aws-managed-prefix-lists.html) to restrict allowed traffic to a set of CIDR IP addresses associated with CloudFront edge locations. When you specify `restrict_to.cdn: true`, your Public Load Balancer is no longer fully publicly accessible, and can only be accessed through the CloudFront distribution, guarding against security threats to your services.

## How do I use CloudFront to terminate TLS?

You can optionally use CloudFront for TLS termination by configuring the env manifest as

```yaml
cdn:
  tls_termination: true
```

> And traffic from `CloudFront → Application Load Balancer (ALB) → ECS` will be HTTP only. This brings a very important benefit which is faster TLS termination, since the CloudFront edges are usually closer to the viewers.

Reviewer 3: nit:
```suggestion
And traffic from `CloudFront → Application Load Balancer (ALB) → ECS` will be HTTP only. This brings the benefit of terminating TLS at a geographically closer endpoint to the end user for faster TLS handshakes.
```

> However, if HTTPS is enabled by either having the app domain or importing any certificates in the environment, you must turn off ALB http redirect by updating the service manifests as

Reviewer 3: I wonder if we should use the `!!! attention ""` [admonition](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/) here to highlight that they should do this first?

```
Before terminating TLS at the CDN level, we recommend:
1. First, disabling [HTTP to HTTPS redirection](fill-link-service-manifest) for your Load Balanced Web Services first. 
   ```yaml
   http:
      redirect: false
   ```
2. Run `copilot svc deploy`

Once all your services no longer, re-direct you can safely enable CloudFront TLS termination.
```

## How do I use CloudFront to terminate TLS?

!!! attention

>     1. First, disabling [HTTP to HTTPS redirection](../manifest/lb-web-service/#http-redirect-to-https) for your Load Balanced Web Services first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    1. First, disable [HTTP to HTTPS redirection](../manifest/lb-web-service/#http-redirect-to-https) for your Load Balanced Web Services.
```

>     2. And then run `svc deploy` to redeploy all the Load Balanced Web Services before `env deploy` to enable CloudFront TLS termination.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    2. Run `svc deploy`individually to redeploy all the Load Balanced Web Services before enabling CloudFront TLS termination.
```

>     3. Once all your Load Balanced Web Services no longer redirect HTTP to HTTPS, you can safely enable CloudFront TLS termination in the env manifest.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    3. Once all your Load Balanced Web Services no longer redirect HTTP to HTTPS, you can safely enable CloudFront TLS termination in the env manifest and run `env deploy`.
```
